lab4 - junga3 - Generative AI recreation of lab3

URL: https://junga3rpi.eastus.cloudapp.azure.com/ITWS-2110-F24-junga3/lab4/

Completed both pre and post survey.

Sources:
Lab 4 instructions: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rQPOW5kNGRxetyeWVdCVSYlU-RnmjJFKIc-c3iVcbDw/edit?tab=t.0
OpenWeather API Documentation - https://openweathermap.org/api
Holidays API Documentation - https://calendarific.com/api-documentation
Generative AI: https://chatgpt.com/
ZAP tool: https://www.zaproxy.org/

Summary:
I used chatGPT 4o for the lab. I decided to focus on the API gathering functioanlity from Lab 3. I tried to implement the whole PHP database but was unable as ChatGPT was unable to fully implement it in the time alloted (50 mins). Instead of handling and replacing values in my database the website updates the site by user input and HTML. The main pitfall I had was that chatGPT would use the intial site and then I would need to go in and specify what I actually wanted the website to look like. It was more infruitaing as I would need to ask the program to keep changing small things as I was not allowed to edit the generated code at all. Another small thing that chatGPT did not find was the weather API. Between prompts 2-7 the weather API was not handled correctly by the generative AI so I needed to give it details about what to fix. Overall using the generative AI is faster than just coding but you dont get the experience in coding leading to worse outcome in the future.
Using the ZAP tool I found that I recieved no red flags to fix. The ZAP report screenshot is labeled ZAPreport.png. The errors given were minor - moderate and do not need to be fixed as per the lab instructions. 

Running list of prompts given to chatGPT 4o:
1. Create a website that does the following: Using both the OpenWeather API (https://openweathermap.org/api) and the Calendarific API (https://calendarific.com/api-documentation) display the weather and the next 5 holidays for Troy, New York 12180. The site should also have a logo that is generated by AI. The website should also handle a user input updating for the weather such as replacing the tempature/wind speed etc. The user should also be able to rename the 5 events shown. 
2. Yes, provide separate and the full css and detailed JavaScript for the website. 
3. Input these for the API keys: const weatherApiKey = '48e1df00aa077093c853dac5d5afd127'; const calendarificApiKey = 'w1ViWNCAEYBftNIFc4N5f3iVRFOwo3e6';
4. Create an image logo for a website that displays weather and holidays
5. The logo is in the same folder and is called logo.jpg update the code to have the img src be correct
6. The next 5 holiday list is blank. Please debug that, the api documentation is at https://calendarific.com/api-documentation
7. Currently the holidays shown are New Year's Day 5 times. Get the current date to get the next 5 dates from whenever a user interacts with the site.
8. Display more items recieved from the weather API. 
9. Display the weather and the holiday information in a div box. These should be side by side and not editable by the user. Under this box should be an input boxes for each weather information and the 5 holidays where they can input values and press update. After pressing update the website should change with the updated information. 
10. Make the site more creative.
11. The footer has white text on a white background. Fix this by making the colors more accessible. 
12. Give me a list of citations that you use. Just the url should be fine

Stiching:
For prompt 4, it was given to chatGPT in a new converation. The other prompts were all given in the same conversation.

Transcript of main chatGPT converation: https://chatgpt.com/share/6711930a-da18-8007-9547-986a1e1c7eb8
Transcript for image creation on chatGPT is unavailable as it gives me this warning: Sharing conversations with DALLE images is not yet supported

ZAP Report:
Recieved no red flags. A screenshot of the ZAP report is in the repo and labeled as ZAPreport.png
Got a total of 9 alerts which were the following:
ORANGE - Content Security Policy (CSP) Header Not Set
ORANGE - Hidden File Found
ORANGE - Missing Anti-clickjacking Header
YELLOW - Server Leaks Version Information via "Server" HTTP Response Header Field
YELLOW - Strict-Transport-Security Header Not Set
YELLOW - X-Content-Type-Options Header Missing
BLUE - Modern Web Application
BLUE - Re-examine Cache-control Directives
BLUE - User Agent Fuzzer
